● What is Emmet?

Emmet is a built-in feature of VS Code, so it doesn’t require any additional installation. By using
shorthand and abbreviations, Emmet greatly improves and speeds up your HTML and CSS workflow, saving you
the stress of having to manually type out the code in full

for ex: 1. we use div.title thats a shorthand which will reuslt in div tag with class title.
2. div>h1>p it will result in a nested tags as p tag inside h1 tag and h1 tag inside div tag.


● Difference between a Library and Framework?

A framework will usually include many libraries to make your work easier. A library performs specific, 
well-defined operations. A library is just a collection of class definitions.

Both the framework vs library is precoded support programs to develop complex software applications. 
However, libraries target a specific functionality, while a framework tries to provide everything required 
to develop a complete application.


● What is CDN? Why do we use it?

A content delivery network (CDN) is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for 
data-heavy applications. CDN can stand for content delivery network or content distribution network.

A content delivery network (CDN) is a geographically distributed group of servers that caches content close 
to end users. A CDN allows for the quick transfer of assets needed for loading Internet content, including 
HTML pages, JavaScript files, stylesheets, images, and videos.

A CDN improves efficiency by introducing intermediary servers between the client and the website server. 
These CDN servers manage some of the client-server communications. They decrease web traffic to the web 
server, reduce bandwidth consumption, and improve the user experience of your applications.

Content delivery network these are the website where the React library has been hoisted and we are just 
pulling/fetching react from there into our project. (in class)

● Why is React known as React?

React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces, that was developed by Facebook. It was 
originally released in 2013 and has since become one of the most popular libraries for building web 
applications.

React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.

It was developed by Facebook, and the name “React” was chosen because it is meant to help developers build 
user interfaces that are fast and responsive, or “reactive.” The library was designed to “react” to changes 
in data.


● What is crossorigin in script tag?

The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request. Web pages often make 
requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in. A cross-origin request is a 
request for a resource (e.g. stylesheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) from another domain.


● What is diference between React and ReactDOM?

React is a JavaScript library for building User Interfaces and ReactDOM is the JavaScript library that 
allows React to interact with the DOM. Think again. As the name implies, ReactDOM is the glue between React
and the DOM.


● What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?

In production mode, compression and minification of Javascript and other resources happens to reduce size
of the code which is not the case when it comes to development mode. Performance will be much faster in 
production mode when compared to development mode.


● What is async and defer?

Async allows your script to run as soon as it's loaded, without blocking other elements on the page. Defer
means your script will only execute after the page has finished loading.

defer is the best choice in most cases for optimal page speed and user experience.